Cover letter:

I recently moved into Blue Ash area of Cincinnati Ohio and looking for an opportunity to immerse myself in to a vocation of a data scientist that will allow me to creatively use education and work experience. To give my background, I completed my Masters in Data Sciences in August 2019 from Southern Methodists University, Dallas Texas (GPA 3.95). I have worked for 3 years in IT industry in Mumbai as Software Engineer following my Bachelors in Chemistry and Post-graduation in Information Technology in Mumbai University India. On arrival in Houston TX, I did 3 Java, J2EE Sun certifications and Post-graduate certification in Clinical informatics from University of Texas. During my 7 years as System Analyst with Texas Children’s Hospital I concurrently completed 2 Certifications in electronic medical records with EPIC.
I am a creative individual with natural inclination to tackling real world problems with technical solutions. Over the last couple of decades, I have continuously kept myself abreast with emerging technologies. I often go above and beyond the routine call of duty to find innovative solutions to challenges faced in the job environment. I have worked on both sides of software tools as a Software Engineer developing programs and a System Analyst utilizing those tools to apply them in healthcare applications in world’s top 4th Children’s hospital. This exposure and desire to always contribute at higher level propelled me to consider a radical shift in career. I found the right fit in Data Sciences where I can leverage my technical and analytical skill sets, and creativity to create meaningful practical solutions. I really enjoyed my Masters coursework where I can take the Data whose origins I understand and then can transform it into an information and eventually into a knowledge that will solve real world problems effectively.  
I have completed following data science courses in MS program using various libraries in Python, R and SAS. 
1)	Statistical Foundations for Data Science 2) Applied Statistics: Inference and Modeling 3) Doing Data Science 4) Data & Network Security 5) File Organization & Database Management 6) Data Mining 7) Quantifying the World, 8) Visualization of Information 9) Machine Learning 10) Natural Language Processing

